## Release v1.2.0 | Introducing... "Ascend"
---

Update of various content, generally utilities, cosmetics and visuals. This is just to pave the way for what's coming in the next update, which will be full with good stuff.

* Redesign for a LOT of textures

* Added Multiplayer! Server hosted by [TheLazyCat](user:878)!

* New list type: Map packs

* New cosmetic: glow

* New achievements and icons!

* Now the whitelist is completly server-side, so a lot of mods will be added during the time

* Added [level thumbnails](https://geode-sdk.org/mods/cdc.level_thumbnails) (Mod pre-installed and adapted to the server).

* Editor UI improvements, tweaks and more! (Pre-installed mods)

* New rates: Pale rates for reuploaded levels!

* Added new special badges to the game.

* New stat: Profile ranks with new unlockables! *(Original mod is ["Better Progression"](https://geode-sdk.org/mods/itzkiba.better_progression), ranks are completely made from scratch without using the code of said mod, only the xp is similar, since they use the same equations for getting the xp)*

* New Profile menu UI redesign

* Added "About me" on profiles

* Multi-badge support on profiles + descriptions for badges

* Now you can select between 3 types of backgrounds for the settings menu and other menus, none, solid (legacy 1.0 background) and blur (Only windows for this one is supported)!

* New settings for the new features and discord game activity!

* Icons on the garage are now more visible when locked

* Added a few more emojis to the game!

* New menu loop added! (Light It Up (J.Noise Extended Edit))

