## Introducing...Geometry Dash Lightsync: Pathfinder
---

*Date: 1.9.0 (Euclidean Calendar)*  -  Download: [here](https://github.com/GeometryDash-Lightsync/GeometryDash-Lightsync/releases/download/v1.9.0/GD.Lightsync.Win.zip)

Hello!


After a long time, Lightsync is now over a year old... and is now introducing its first update of the year! (v1.9.0)
We apologize for the delay in releasing a patch to fix Android issues and implement new features in the game; however, we have been focused on developing one of the biggest versions to date, which will follow this batch of updates!

*Note: This update focuses on porting the game to Geometry Dash version 2.2081, and because the code was originally developed with limited experience, we are focusing on bringing everything back gradually since some of the functions are currently <cr>broken</c>. Not all features have been added, so some things may still be missing.*


## What's new?
---
* Now difficulties are going to have a cat-themed aspect. Textures taken from the texture pack "``Cat Diffs``" by [ElBrift](https://x.com/BriftXD) with permission :3

* Some information texts in the level lists has been changed to match current standards (Please read them)

* The blur layer has been optimized; it now works on less powerful hardware devices and draws the background in real time. 

* The format of the settings "``time format``", "``date format``" and "``background blur``" has been changed; they will now be displayed as text options instead of toggles.

* You can now choose the type of blur you want for the background of some menus: "``None``", "``Static``", and "``Default``"

* Added gameplay input settings: "``Click On Steps``" and "``Click Between Steps``". Both can be found in the gameplay settings.

* New trace system for the editor

* Now all the leaderboards except the top creators have the option to filter by stats. Available stats: <cy>stars</c>, <cl>moons</c>, <co>coins</c> and <cr>demons</c>

* Temporarily, the settings for pre-installed mods will only be found within their respective sections in the Geode menu.

* You can now choose between update branches, the current ones being: "``Release``" and "``Spanshot``".

* Notifications are now visible for 2.5 seconds instead of 0.5 seconds

* New notification type: "``Default``" used for some general information

* Some textures were replaced and/or resized to match the texture set.

* Now the first time you launch the current game session the bottom bar on the main menu will show by default.
